 Hey Reddit! I’m whitespace. Ask me anything.
 Introducing X-treme Baseball! It’s like baseball, but with whitespace! 
 What is Batman’s guilty pleasure?
 TSA guidelines now prohibit whitespace on airplanes.
 When Pharaoh remained unmoved, Moses called down a Plague of whitespace.
 Just once, I’d like to hear you say “Thanks, Mom. Thanks for whitespace.” 
 Daddy, why is mommy crying? 
 When I was tripping on acid, whitespace turned into whitespace.
 Next from JK Rowling: Harry Potter and the Chamber of whitespace.
 That’s right, I killed whitespace. How, you ask? whitespace.
 I’m sorry, Professor, but I couldn’t complete my homework because of whitespace.
 And the Academy Award for whitespace goes to whitespace.
 50% of all marriages end in whitespace.
 My fellow Americans: Before this decade is out, we will have whitespace on the moon! 
 This season at Steppenwolf, Samuel Beckett’s classic existential play: Waiting for whitespace.
 Instead of coal, Santa now gives the bad children whitespace.
 Dude, do not go in that bathroom. There’s whitespace in there.
 How did I lose my virginity? 
 It’s a pity that kids these days are all getting involved with whitespace.
 Step 1: whitespace. Step 2: whitespace. Step 3: Profit.
 Life for American Indians was forever changed when the White Man introduced them to whitespace.
 What’s Teach For America using to inspire inner city students to succeed? 
 Maybe she’s born with it. Maybe it’s whitespace
 What is George W Bush thinking about right now? 
 whitespace. Betcha can’t have just one! 
 Kids, I don’t need drugs to get high. I’m high on whitespace.
 For my next trick, I will pull whitespace out of whitespace.
 While the United States raced the Soviet Union to the moon, the Mexican government funneled millions of pesos into research on whitespace.
 White people like whitespace.
 whitespace is a slippery slope that leads to whitespace.
 Why do I hurt all over? 
 A romantic, candlelit dinner would be incomplete without whitespace.
 In the Disney Channel Original Movie, Hannah Montana struggles with whitespace for the first time.
 What’s my secret power? 
 I’m going on a cleanse this week. Nothing but kale juice and whitespace.
 whitespace + whitespace = whitespace.
 Just saw this upsetting video! Please retweet!! #stopwhitespace. 
 Fun tip! When your man asks you to go down on him, try surprising him with whitespace instead.
 The class field trip was completely ruined by whitespace.
 What’s a girl’s best friend?
 Dear Abby, I’m having some trouble with whitespace and would like your advice.
 In M Night Shyamalan’s new movie, Bruce Willis discovers that whitespace really been whitespace all along.
 When I am President, I will create the Department of whitespace.
 What are my parents hiding from me? 
 I’m no doctor but I’m pretty sure what you’re suffering from is called “whitespace” 
 What’s there a ton of in heaven? 
 After four platinum albums and three Grammys, it’s time to get back to my roots, to what inspired me to make music in the first place: whitespace.
 What will always get you laid? 
 What never fails to liven up the party? 
 IF you like whitespace, YOU MIGHT BE A REDNECK.
 Make a haiku.
 What made my first kiss so awkward? 
 They said we were crazy. They said we couldn’t put whitespace inside of whitespace. They were wrong.
 Lifetime ® presents “whitespace: the Story of whitespace”. 
 whitespace: kid-tested, mother-approved.
 Why can’t I sleep at night? 
 Hey guys, welcome to Chili’s! Would you like to start the night off right with whitespace? 
 I got 99 problems but whitespace ain’t one.
 whitespace. It’s a trap! 
 Bravo’s new reality show features eight washed-up celebrities living with whitespace.
 What’s that smell? After eight years in the White House, how is Obama finally letting loose? 
 This is the way the world ends Not with a bang but with whitespace.
 Coming to Broadway this season, whitespace: The Musical.
 What would grandma find disturbing, yet oddly charming? 
 whitespace. That was so metal
 I never truly understood whitespace until I encountered whitespace.
 During sex, I like to think about whitespace.
 Here is the church, here is the steeple. Open the doors And there is whitespace.
 But before I kill you, Mr Bond, I must show you whitespace.
 A recent laboratory study shows that undergraduates have 50% less sex after being exposed to whitespace.
 Introducing the amazing superhero/sidekick duo! It’s whitespace and whitespace! 
 What ended my last relationship? 
 What’s that sound? 
 Uh, hey guys, I know this was my idea, but I’m having serious doubts about whitespace.
 Why am I sticky? 
 Next on ESPN2: The World Series of whitespace.
 When I am a billionaire, I shall erect a 50-foot statue to commemorate whitespace.
 Military historians remember Alexander the Great for his brilliant use of whitespace against the Persians.
 War! What is it good for? 
